Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, they're going to change the package name.
In all the slides it is being used.
Now, remember, in the process of integrating Firebase, we made our package unique.
That is, we have to change the default package name to our whole user name.
But this is not the holy place.
The package name is been used.
So in this lecture they're going to change the package name and the rest of the files.
Okay.
Now to do this one is control and B, to make this smaller than regular, go to Andriod.
Then suss.
Okay.
Now we're going to first go to debug then the Android manifest fly.
Now you can see it is still the example.
So we are going to get rid of this example and use our unique package that is minus my colleague famous.
And now I'm going to lose control and that's to save.
Then we are going to go to the main then.
Sorry.
Men then got laid.
Then my first main man.
The first.
Okay.
May not, sweetie.
Right.
Okay.
Now, we're going to change this from example.
So are unique.
These are then my quality was.
Then we need to use control.
And that's the save.
Okay.
Then we're going to go to this address.
Just here.
Okay, great.
Now I is control and B to make this wide.
Then we need to change this.
To my colleague that is your username or whatever you pass there integrates in Firebase.
Okay, I'll try to save then.
They're going to need to changes in this profile as well.
Okay.
Now you're going to get rid of this example.
That is going to be our unique username.
My colleague here was.
Okay, great.
He is.
And save.
Okay.
Good.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in in this lecture.